Add privacy documentation (#1)
humanmade/altis-privacy: docs/consent/README.md

> <h1 align="center"><img src="https://make.hmn.md/altis/Altis-logo.svg" width="89" alt="Altis" /> Consent</h1>
> 
> <p align="center">Enhanced user privacy and consent controls for <strong><a href="https://altis-dxp.com/">Altis</a></strong>.</p>
> 
> <p align="center"><a href="https://packagist.org/packages/altis/consent"><img alt="Packagist Version" src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/altis/consent.svg"></a></p>

Reviewer: This part should be removed in favour of a regular title.
```suggestion
# Consent API
```

Author: Changing to `Altis Consent` because we already have a `Consent API` heading/page.

> ## What is the Altis Consent module?

Reviewer: This title is maybe superfluous now as the following paragraph can act as an introduction following the suggested title above.

Also I think it's important to note the distinction here - Altis Privacy is the module, a module being the high level provider for a set of related features.

Altis Consent API is a feature provided by a plugin that we include in the module.

> Altis Consent module provides a website administrator(you) with a centralized and consistent way of obtaining data privacy consent from their website's users/visitors. Data privacy consent refers to how user data is tracked, collected, or stored on a website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Altis Consent framework provides a centralized and consistent way of obtaining data privacy consent from your website's visitors. Data privacy consent refers to how user data is tracked, collected, or stored on a website.
```

### Web Cookies

> A website uses cookies to track user behaviour on the website. Web cookies can be of three types: session, persistent and third party. Depending on their function, these cookies can further be categorized into functional or operational cookies, marketing or personalized cookies, third party cookies and their sub-categories. While functional cookies are necessary for a smooth user experience, other cookies, such as marketing cookies that track user preferences, are not essential for a website's performance. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) governs user data privacy and protection and stipulates that businesses require appropriate consent from website visitors before they are served any such cookies.

Reviewer: > Web cookies can be of three types: session, persistent and third party

Was this based on some other source?  1st party and 3rd party cookies aren't necessarily persistent, right? I think we might want to simplify this down a bit because 3rd party cookies could technically fall into almost any category if we define those as cookies from a different host / domain.

Maybe we just say there are 2 broad types, 1st party cookies set by the server or by code on the domain itself and 3rd party cookies set by scripts included from other domains or services such as Google Analytics. These can then be further categorized as functional, marketing etc... etc...

> We created this module to help you readily obtain consent from your website users for various cookies that will be served on your website. With the features available in this module, a website's visitor will be able to control the _types_ of data or cookies that can be stored and shared if you choose to offer that level of control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We created this framework to help you readily obtain consent from your website users for various cookies that will be served on your website. With the features available in this framework, a website's visitor will be able to control the _types_ of data or cookies that can be stored and shared if you choose to offer that level of control.
```

In order for this to work, all cookies and local storage used on a site must be registered in the way mentioned in the Altis developer documentation.

## What does it do?

Out of the box, the Consent module handles all first-party cookies and local storage data. Using the controls provided on the Privacy page in the WP admin you can link your website's Privacy Policy and Cookie storage Policy page. There are options to control whether to grant the user a choice to select the types of cookies they want to consent to, or an option to allow all cookies or only functional cookies. You may also easily add a cookie consent banner message in the admin settings.

In addition, a robust templating system and dozens of filters allow development teams to fully customize the options or the display of the banner, or only customize certain specific elements, based on a site's needs.

## What about third-party cookies?
The API allows management of third party cookies if it is configured so. Refer Developer Docs to see how this can be done.

## Can I manage user data tracked through Altis' personalization features?

> Altis' personalization features track user data that comprise first-party cookies and those will be treated as explained [above](https://github.com/humanmade/altis-consent/wiki#what-does-it-do).

Reviewer: Same here with this link. Do we need to change it?

## Does the API help categorize the type of cookies?

> Out of the box, [five categories](https://github.com/humanmade/altis-consent/wiki/WP-Consent-API#consent-categories) are provided functional, marketing, statistics, statistics-anonymous and preferences. More categories can be added via a filter as explained in the Dev Docs.

Reviewer: May want to update this link if we have this info within these docs. It's fine to link out to the wiki still, just needs to be kept up to date.

Author: I think all of these links are simply because the docs themselves were cloned from the consent wiki's repo.
